KCESolvers Software License Agreement. 

This is a legal agreement between you, and József Vass and Sergey N. Krylov (the "Owners")
covering your use of KCESolvers (the "Software").

1) The Software is provided as freeware, but only for private, non-commercial use.

1a) The Software is free for educational use (schools, universities, museums and libraries)
and for use in charity or humanitarian organisations. 

1b) If you intend to use the Software at your place of business or for commercial purposes,
please contact the Owners by e-mail for prices, discounts and payment methods, addressed to
both jvass@yorku.ca and skrylov@yorku.ca.

1c) If you buy the Software license(s), we the Owners hereby grant to you a perpetual,
worldwide, fully paid-up, non-exclusive license to use the Software solely for your
internal business purposes. 

2) The Software is owned by the Owners and is protected by copyright laws and international
treaty provisions. Therefore, you must treat the Software like any other copyrighted
material. 

3) You may not distribute, rent, sub-license or otherwise make available to others the
Software or documentation or copies thereof, except as expressly permitted in this License
without prior written consent from the Owners. In the case of an authorized transfer, the
transferee must agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. 

4) You may not remove any proprietary notices, labels, trademarks on the Software or
documentation. You may not modify, de-compile, disassemble or reverse engineer the
Software. 

5) Limited warranty: the Software and its documentation are "as is" without any warranty as
to their performance, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. The licensee
assumes the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the software. In no event
shall the Owners or anyone else who has been involved in the creation, development,
production, or delivery of this software be liable for any direct, incidental or
consequential damages, such as, but not limited to, loss of anticipated profits, benefits,
use, or data resulting from the use of this software, or arising out of any breach of
warranty. 

Copyright (C) 2016 by József Vass and Sergey N. Krylov, York University, Canada.

Internet: https://github.com/jzsfvss/KCESolvers, http://www.yorku.ca/skrylov/
Email: jvass@yorku.ca, skrylov@yorku.ca

All rights reserved.